feat: support app flows APIs (#1138)
Instabug/Instabug-React-Native: CHANGELOG.md

- Adds symbol files upload script ([#1137](https://github.com/Instabug/Instabug-React-Native/pull/1137))
- Support enabling NDK crash capturing on Android ([#1132](https://github.com/Instabug/Instabug-React-Native/pull/1132)).
- Add support for App Flows APIs `APM.startFlow`, `APM.setFlowAttribute` and `APM.endFlow` ([#1138](https://github.com/Instabug/Instabug-React-Native/pull/1138)).

### Deprecated

> - Deprecate execution traces APIs `APM.startExecutionTrace`, `Trace.end` and `Trace.setFlowAttribute` in favor of the new app flow APIs ([#1138](https://github.com/Instabug/Instabug-React-Native/pull/1138)).

Reviewer: I think `Trace.setFlowAttribute` should be `Trace.setAttribute`.

```suggestion
- Deprecate Execution Traces APIs `APM.startExecutionTrace`, `Trace.end` and `Trace.setAttribute` in favor of the new App Flows APIs ([#1138](https://github.com/Instabug/Instabug-React-Native/pull/1138)).
```
